Add full flash support (#625)
phoenixframework/phoenix_live_view: CHANGELOG.md

### Backwards incompatible changes
  - `live_redirect` was removed in favor of `push_patch` (for updating the URL and params of the current LiveView) and `push_redirect` (for updating the URL to another LiveView)
  - `live_link` was removed in favor of  `live_patch` (for updating the URL and params of the current LiveView) and `live_redirect` (for updating the URL to another LiveView)
  - `Phoenix.LiveViewTest.assert_redirect` no longer accepts an anonymous function in favor of executing the code
  prior to asserting the redirects, just like `assert_receive`.

### Enhancements
  - Support `@live_view_action` in LiveViews to simplify tracking of URL state
  - Recovery form input data automatically on disconnects or crash recovery
  - Add `phx-auto-recover` form binding for specialized recovery
  - Scroll to top of page while respecting anchor hash targets on `live_patch` and `live_redirect`
  - Add `phx-capture-click` to use event capturing to bind a click event as it propagates inwards from the target

>   - Add complete flash support for flash suppot across static, live, and component pages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Revamp flash support so it works between static views, live views, and components.
```
